7. Also check that the belt is not worn and that there are no traces of material adhering to the cogs. 
Check that the anti-collision system of the reagent and sample arms is operating correctly:
1. Remove the top housings from the 3 arms.
2. Initialise the analyser with the service programme
3. Go to the anti-collision system checking option.
4. Lift each tip with your hand and check that they draw back smoothly and correctly.
5. Check that the lamp on the panel goes on every time the tip is in the raised position.
6. Check the indication that the tip is in the raised position in the service programme.
Check that the stirrers function correctly:
1. Check that the stirrer blades are properly tightened. Take care when tightening the blades, to ensure they con­
tinue to be aligned with respect to the motor shaft.
2. Use the service programme to rotate the stirrers. Check that they rotate correctly and are not eccentric.
Check the anti-collision system in the wash station
1. Remove the top housing from the wash station.
2. Initialise the analyser with the service programme
3. Go to the wash station anti-collision system checking option.
4. Lift the dryer tip with your hand and check that it draws back smoothly and correctly.
5. Check the indication that the dryer tip is in the raised position in the service programme.
6. Lift the wash station pedal system with your hand and check that it slides evenly and returns smoothly to its 
original position.
7.2.3. Checking the sample and reagent rotors
Check the rotor covers:
1. Initialise the analyser with the service programme.
2. Check that the cover sensor functions correctly.
3. Check that the covers fit into their housing correctly.
Check that the rotors fit into their compartments correctly:
1. Remove the two covers from the rotor assemblies.
2. Check that the anchoring of the sample and reagent rotor shaft functions correctly. If it is in position, it must 
not come out unless the top button is pushed and when inserting it, it must glide in smoothly.
Check the fans:
1. Check that there is no fridge or reaction rotor fan operation alarm.
95
