62
LEDs
Function (on condition)
LD1
Microprocessor start-up
LD2
3.3 V voltage
LD3
Activation of pump 1
LD4
Activation of pump 2
LD5
Activation of electro valve 1
LD6
Activation of electro valve 2
LD7
Activation of electro valve 3
LD8
Activation of electro valve 4
LD9
Activation of pump 1
LD10
Activation of pump 2
LD11
Activation of electro valve 1
LD12
Activation of electro valve 2
LD13
Activation of electro valve 3
LD14
Activation of electro valve 4
LD15
Reagent 2 motor start-up detection
LD16
Reagent 1 motor start-up detection
LD17
Sample motor start-up detection 
4.10. Loading of firmware
The firmware loading process is executed through the service programme.
)
) See chapter 8.6.8 Updating firmware.
A single file will be distributed, containing the individual firmware for each board. The process consists of first 
sending the file to the main board (CPU) which stores it in a flash drive or repository. Once it has been verified 
that the file sent is correct, the service programme will ask the user to confirm the start of the CPU board firmware 
updating process. Once the CPU board has been updated, it checks the compatibility of the versions of each of the 
boards against those in the repository. If any board has a version that is not compatible with the one in the reposi­
tory, it updates the firmware of that board.
While the firmware file is transmitted with the service programme, the analyser status led will flash and change colour.
All the analyser adjustments are stored in the CPU board memory. When the analyser is initialised, the necessary 
adjustments for each board are sent.
NOTE
As a precaution, before performing any operation with the analyser it is advisable to make a 
backup copy of the adjustments.
)
)
See chapter 8.6.9 Saving and recovering adjustments.
When the technical service has to carry out a repair and change a board, the technician will start the service pro­
gramme for it to accept the firmware updating process and the adjustments for the new board.
The service programme can also be used to restore the initial adjustment values. 
If that process is executed, the technician will have to readjust the analyser in full.
)
) See chapter 8.6.10 Restoring initial values
