Service Manual 
12
Software usage licence
BioSystems, S.A., the exclusive owner of all the rights over this computer application, grants one non-transferable, 
non-exclusive licence governing the use of the computer application to the user, who accepts it solely and exclusively 
for executing this computer application in a single central processing unit (CPU) of a computer.
This licence does not permit the execution, use, access, reproduction, transformation, translation, lease, sale, distri­
bution, commercial exploitation or provision to third parties in any way, and above all in a computer network or 
through remote access technologies, of all or part of the content included in this CD-Rom.
BioSystems, S.A. will in no case be liable or assume payment of any compensation whatsoever:
with respect to any infringement of the intellectual and/or industrial property rights of others caused by copying 
images, audio and/or text as part of the content of this CD-Rom;
due to the exhaustiveness or accuracy of the data incorporated through incorrect use of the computer application 
in the CD-Rom;
for damages, losses or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages to people or property due to the incor­
rect use or putting into practice of any of the methods, theories, products, instructions, ideas or recommendations 
included in this CD-Rom or which make reference to its content.
The computer application in this CD-Rom is delivered with no guarantee of the results obtained following incor­
rect use or adaptation for a specific purpose. The user fully assumes all risks with regard to the results obtained by 
incorrect use of the computer application.
None of the contents of this usage licence grants the user any intellectual or industry property rights or any right 
over the confidential information of BIOSYSTEMS and/or of persons holding rights over the content included in 
this CD-Rom.
The licence granted and constituted pursuant to these terms and conditions will be interpreted in accordance with 
and governed by Spanish law, with the jurisdiction being the courts of the city of Barcelona, Spain. The user waives 
any other applicable legislation and/or jurisdiction that is competent, if any.
The user of this licence knows and agrees that the user licence grants no rights over the use of computer programmes 
and/or applications belonging to others that may be used or which may be necessary for using or operating this 
computer application, for which the user will obtain the respective legitimisation of use.
