Service Manual 
10
Symbol
Description
BIOHAZARD
Preventing biological risks in handling liquid waste
Handle the high contamination waste container with care. Wear gloves and 
protective clothing when handling the container.
Dispose of the waste in accordance with national or local legislation for 
disposing of dangerous biological waste, and consult the reagent manufacturer 
or distributor for more details.
BIOHAZARD
Preventing biological risks in handling solid waste
Take care in handling parts of the analyser that are converted to waste such as 
the reactor rotor, sample tubes and reagent bottles.
Wear gloves and protective clothing when handling such waste.
Dispose of the waste in accordance with national or local legislation for 
disposing of dangerous biological waste, and consult the reagent manufacturer 
or distributor for more details.
NOTE
Prevention of electro magnetic interferences
The analyser complies with the requirements with respect to emissions 
and immunity set forth in the standard UNE -EN 61326-2-6:2006. This 
equipment has been designed and tested for class B of standard UNE-EN 
55022:2000. In a household environment, it may cause radio interference, 
in which case the necessary measures must be taken to mitigate such 
interference. 
Do not use the analyser near strong electro magnetic radiation sources (such 
as centrifuge appliances, radio transmitters, mobile telephones), as they could 
interfere with its correct operation.
Preventing laser light emission risks
The analyser has two barcode readers that emit laser light. The readers only 
function when the analyser is in execution mode and its rotor covers are in 
place. In the event of a failure or during adjustment by technical maintenance 
staff, the light beam could be activated without the cover in place; in such 
cases, do not look directly at the laser beam. 
Prevention at the end of the useful life of the analyser
At the end of the useful life of the analyser, the product must be disposed of 
in accordance with the environmental legislation in force in each country. 
If that country is a EU member state, the terms of the WEEE directive 
on electrical and electronic appliances will apply. In other words, when 
the appliance's useful life has ended, it is converted into waste and must 
be separated from household waste for correct recycling. For this purpose, 
contact the distributor for the product to be properly recycled.
Abbreviations and units shown in the manual
Abbreviation
Definition
∅
Diameter
EC
European Community
EMC
Electromagnetic compatibility
CRTL
Control key on the computer keyboard
EN
European norm
F
Fast (fuse type)
