Service Manual 
16
• 
Cycle 4: Suctioning of the washing solution and dispensing of distilled water
• 
Cycles 5 and 6: Suctioning and dispensing of distilled water
• 
Cycle 7: Distilled water rest phase
• 
Cycle 8: Optical scanning of cuvette
• 
Cycle 9: Suctioning of distilled water
• 
Cycle 10: Drying of cuvette
The distilled water for rinsing and the washing solution are thermostatted so that they do not interfere with the 
rotor temperature.
When the last rinse is made, an optical reading is taken of the rotor sample well, in order to verify the state of the 
well. If it is scratched or in poor condition, the well is discarded and not used for performing reactions.
In the event of there being a large number of wells in poor condition, the programme warns that the reaction rotor 
needs to be replaced.
2.6. Waste, distilled water and washing solution containers
The analyser has 4 containers for storing waste, distilled water and washing solution. These containers are located 
inside it. 
The high contamination waste and washing solutions containers can be accessed from the front. 
The capacity of both containers is 5 L. This capacity allows for 8 hours of continuous autonomous operation. 
Detection of whether the bottle is full or empty is done by weighing.
The low contamination waste and distilled water containers are located inside the analyser, at the rear, and cannot 
be accessed by the user. These containers have a buoy system that informs the analyser when they are full or empty. 
They are automatically filled and emptied from the exterior.
The external distilled water inlet may come from a pressurised distilled water inlet or an external tank with a larger 
capacity.
The low contamination waste leaves the appliance through a drainage pipe that goes directly to a tank or sump.
2.7. Stirring arm
The analyser has two arms for stirring the reaction. These arms have a small blade that rotates inside the reaction 
cuvettes, to ensure the proper mixing of the reagent and sample.
One of the stirring arms is inserted into the cuvette after dispensing the sample and the other stirring arm is inserted 
after the second reagent is dispensed in reactions with two reagents.
After mixing, the arm is washed in the wash station provided for that purpose.
2.8. Dispensing arm 
The analyser has 3 arms for dispensing samples and reagents.
One arm is for dispensing serum and urine samples and the other two are for dispensing the reagents. One is used 
to dispense reagent 1 and the other to dispense reagent 2, only in bireactive reactions.
Each arm has a wash station for washing the interior and exterior of the tip.
The volumes dispensed by each arm are the following:
• 
Sample arm: from 2 μL to 40 μL
