The internal distilled water tank level is controlled by a buoy system. 
There is also an internal low contamination waste tank. The tank level is also controlled by a buoy system. 
When the system detects that the tank is full, the programme activates the pump (15) and evacuates the water 
externally.
Pipetting system
Each of the tips, sample, reagent 1 and reagent 2, is connected directly to its respective ceramic pump in the mani­
fold assembly. 
When the pumps are suctioning or dispensing the samples or reagents, electro valves JE1-EV1, JE1-EV2 and JE1-
EV3 will be closed.
During the internal tip washing process, these electro valves will be open and can dispense distilled water, washing 
solution or air, depending on the selection made in the pre-manifold.
The pre-manifold selects water, washing solution or air, depending on the state of the electro valves (20) and (21). 
Using the pumps (22), (23) and (24) it pumps the liquids selected by the sample, reagent 1 and reagent 2 tips, 
respectively.
The outsides of the tips are also washed in the wash stations. Distilled water is used for washing the insides, and it 
is pumped to the sample tip by pump (7), to the reagent 1 and stirring 2 tips by pump (6) and to the reagent 2 and 
stirrer 1 tip by pump (5). 
Wash station
The rotor washing system is comprised of 10 cycles.
)
) See chapter 2.5 for a description of each wash station cycle.
Dispensing from each tip is executed with a pump that activates 5 pistons. The pump is operated by the motor (19). 
Each piston is connected to an electro valve (17) where the 2 first tips dispense washing solution and the other 3, 
distilled water.
The tip of the first cycle suctions the high contamination waste through pump (4) and dispenses it directly into the 
bottle provided for that purpose. 
The tips of cycles 2 and 4 are suctioned by the same pump (11) and the suctioned material is evacuated into the 
low contamination waste tank.
The tips of cycles 5 and 6 are suctioned by pump (10) and also emptied into the low contamination waste tank.
The tip of cycle 9 is suctioned by pump (9) and the tip of cycle 10 executes the drying operation through pump (8). 
The last two pumps evacuate the suctioned material into the low contamination water tank.
Service Manual 
32
