Action 
Description
Priming A
Performs a priming cycle with calibration standard A 
using a volume of 300 μL. In the repetitions parameter 
indicate how many times the action must be executed.
Priming B
Performs a priming cycle with calibration standard B 
using a volume of 300 μL. In the repetitions parameter 
indicate how many times the action must be executed.
Wash
Performs a wash cycle with the ISE washing solution. 
In the sample rotor pos. parameter indicate the position 
of the tube with the washing solution. In the volume 
parameter indicate the volume to be dispensed for 
washing.
Activate the reagent 
kit
Execute this action to activate and memorise the reagent 
kit in the programme. It is also used to memorise the 
installation date and record the consumption of the 
calibration standards. The programme issues a warning 
when the standards are no longer usable.
Activation of 
electrodes
Execute this action to activate and memorise the 
electrodes in the programme. It is used to record the 
consumption of the electrodes and warn the user when 
they are no longer usable.
Activation of ISE 
preparations
Use this action to tell the programme you have installed 
an ISE module.
6.5.8. Stress
The stress verification test simulates the normal operating cycle of the analyser. However, instead of pipetting serum 
and reagent, the analyser moves the arms and pumps, but without pipetting any fluids. 
The stress can be configured as global stress, i.e., performing a complete cycle or partial stress of functional parts 
of the analyser.
Partial stress options:
• 
Arms (selected separately)
• 
Rotors (selected separately)
• 
Photometry
• 
Syringes
• 
Fluids
Steps for programming stress
1. Select the stress duration by number of cycles.
2. Select whether you want the global or partial stress option.
3. Press the adjustment button to start the stress test
4. While the stress test is being executed, a status bar will appear indicating the stress duration.
5. Once the stress test has finished, the following information is displayed in the results section:
a) Type of stress
b) Total number of cycles and total stress duration time
Service Manual 
88
