—  23  —
Insert the calibrated digital thermometer sensor in the cuvette holder, enter the temperature to be tested and press ENTER. 
The message line will read “Thermostatting” followed by a time that is gradually reduced. After waiting for 5 minutes 
(when the time counter reaches 0), the programme will ask for another temperature.
Now check that the temperature marked by the digital thermometer is within the acceptance criteria.
3.2.2. - Photometric parameters
This procedure serves to adjust the analogical-digital converter integration time values and those of the currents for each 
LED.
3.2.2.1. - Development
Select the option using the path UTILITIES / SERVICE (Password) / ADJUSTMENTS / PHOTOM. PARAM.
The following information will appear on screen:
• 
LEDS - indicate the wavelength of the emitting LED. Its position in the row indicates the order in which it is 
physically placed in the semi-automatic analyzer. As you can see the LED are not positioned in increasing order of 
wavelength. It is important to respect that order.
• 
Int - indicates Integration time (in number of counts). This is the time during which the analogical-digital converter 
is being integrated. 
• 
DAC - indicates digital-analogical converter (in number of counts). It serves to establish the current value at the time 
of activating each LED.
• 
DMX - indicates Maximum value of the DAC (in number of counts). It serves to establish the maximum current to be 
used by the automatic system for adjusting the integration time and current of the LED. The ratio is the following: 
a value of 255 indicates a current of 50mA. This value is optimised in the factory to guarantee good emission and 
durability of the LED. It is advisable not to change this value.
• 
PH1 - indicates photodiode 1. Indicates the readings of the analogical-digital conversion of the main photodiode. It 
is indicated as the number of counts.
• 
PH2 - indicates photodiode 2. Indicates the readings of the analogical-digital conversion of the reference photodiode. 
It is indicated as the number of counts.
Function keys:
Press ENTER to read the selected LED. It shows the reading as the number of counts of the 2 photodiodes and the sample 
onscreen.
