—  7  —
1. - Introduction
This semi-automatic analyzer BTS-350 is a laboratory instrument for performing biochemical and turbidimetric analyses 
for in vitro diagnostics.
This semi-automatic analyzer Y-350 is a laboratory instrument for performing chemical analysis specially for oenology.
Its compact design and the small number of components of which it is comprised allow for easy maintenance. The computer-
based design has made it possible to eliminate mechanical adjustments in the optical system, simplifying installation and 
reducing maintenance. The use of easy-to-integrate, modern electronic components reduces the possibilities of failure 
and allows for the elimination of all electronic adjustments. A powerful programme allows for adjusting the different 
magnitudes handled by the equipment, using reference patterns or instruments and making corrections through software 
by numerical calculation.
At internal level, it has a new lighting system based on LEDs, guaranteeing the semi-automatic analyser a long life and 
very low maintenance.
The ergonomics of the housing have also been considered. The considerable height at which the Teflon tube emerges to 
suction the samples facilitates the use of the primary tubes.
The design of the power supply system is based on batteries, to preventing the loss of readings in the event of power cuts 
in the electric mains, and in the event of the laboratory not having a reliable electricity supply. This power supply system 
is an optional component.
The instrument electronics have been located in one plate, thereby allowing the printed circuit to be changed quickly and 
easily, in the event of a failure. Those circuits can be sent to the factory for repair.
This semi-automatic analyser is equipped with a large number of checking programmes to facilitate diagnosis and failure 
searches.
This manual has been designed not merely as a maintenance and repair guide for the equipment, but also as a document 
for training the Technical Assistance Service staff. The running principles as well as the electronic circuits are explained in 
order to obtain a global view of the instrument.
