—  12  —
Service manual
2.3.3. - Physical description
In Figure 2.8 a cross-section of the optical bench is shown, with 
the thermostatation system. The cuvette holder (2) is inserted in 
the optical support (1). One of the sides of the Peltier cell (4) is 
touching the cuvette holder (2). On the other side is the radiator 
(5) and the fan (6). The temperature sensor (3) is housed in the 
cuvette holder.
2.3.4. - Programming
Programming the thermostatization system consists of telling 
the instrument which temperature is desired for the reaction 
mixture. This will depend on each particular case. The appliance 
has several points where this value can be programmed. For 
instance, each stored test can programme a temperature.
2.3.5. - Adjustment
Like the other systems, the set of tolerances of the elements 
comprising the thermostatation system includes a deviation 
between the programmed temperature and the real temperature, and so an adjustment process will be necessary to offset 
those deviations. The thermostatisation adjustment procedure is described in section.
2.3.6. - Precautions and maintenance
The thermostatisation system has two especially critical and delicate points: good thermal contact between both sides of 
the Peltier cell and the cuvette holder and radiator, respectively, and the thermal contact between the temperature sensore 
and the cuvette holder.
To guarantee proper functioning at these points, the following precautions should be taken:
• 
Place a thin but even layer of silicone on each side of the Peltier cell, covering the whole surface.
• 
The silicone must not exceed the edge of the cell surface or be between the two sides of it, as this would cause a thermal 
crossover, reducing the system's performance.
• 
The temperature sensor must have a layer of silicone that is sufficient to established good thermal contact with the 
bottom of the housing.
To assemble the above elements, following the procedures indicated on the CE15121 Peltier cell spares and AC15122 
temperature sensor. 
2.4. - Communications system
The semi-automatic analyzer are equipped with two communications systems:
• 
USB port type A
• 
USB port type B
2.4.1. - USB port type B
This is a USB port with type B connector.
The channel is supplied already preconfigured in the factory and has the following characteristics:
• 
Transmission speed (Baud rate): 9600
• 
Timeout: 0
• 
Terminal number: 0
Figure 2.8 
1
2
3
4
5
6
