—  13  —
2.4.2. - Communication characteristics
To establish communication, it is necessary to have the PC-Photometer programme that is supplied together with the 
semi-automatic analyzer. The communications programme uses a send and wait protocol. Every time the transmitter sends 
a section, it waits to receive another from the receiver, confirming that it has received it correctly. If the transmitter fails 
to receive this section, it resends it after a certain time (timeout). If the receiver receives the section in error, it does not 
send the confirmation section, and the transmitter will resend the same section. The protocol uses an error-detector code, 
CRC-16.
This protocol functions as a master-slave system, and so it can communicate with several semi-automatic analyzers at 
one time. To do this, the semi-automatic analyzer must be identified by means of a terminal number. This parameter is 
configured with the communications configuration values. (main menu / configuration / communications).
The communication is always started by the master computer. The semi-automatic analyzer always remains alert and only 
responds if it receives a slave information (request).
The information sent by the semi-automatic analyzer is the following:
• 
Quality control values
• 
Samples concentration values
• 
Updating the semi-automatic analyzer programme
To establish communication between the computer and semi-automatic analyzer, the appropriate link programme is 
required, which is executed from the computer. The programme stores the information received from the semi-automatic 
analyzer in a file that can be viewed from a text editor or using a spread sheet such as excel.
2.4.3. - USB Connector type A
This is used to connect an external USB memory. To configure it, go to the CONFIGURATION/PRINTER menu and select 
the option USB. Every time the semi-automatic analyzer prints a document, it generates a results file. This is stored in the 
USB memory, instead of leaving through the printer. When printing a graph, the programme generates another file with 
the graph in bitmap format. The names of the files generated for the text file start with the letters PR, followed by the date 
in the YY-MM-DD format. Example: “PR090620.txt”. A new file is generated every day. The name of the graph file has the 
following format: “CON00001.bmp”. When printing out several graphs, the number of the file will gradually be increased.
2.5. - Block diagram
The block diagram gives a functional and global picture of the different electronic circuit components.
In Figure 2.9 there is a block diagram for that circuit.
2.5.1. - LED control
Circuit controlling the current of these LEDs. It is comprised of the CI: U14, U15 and transistors Q7 to Q18. The D/A 
converter output of the microprocessor generates a voltage of between 0 and 2.5V. This voltage enters the operational U14 
and generates a current of between 0 and 30mA depending on the LED that is to be turned on. U15 is a decoder that 
polarises one of the 11 transistors to select a LED. The current programmed by the current source circulates through that 
LED.
2.5.2. - Analogical‑digital converter
The circuit that makes the A/D conversion of both photodiodes. U18 is a double-ramp converter, with a current input. It is 
informed of the integration time through the length of the CONV signal. Once the device has completed the conversion,
