—  27  —
4. - Checking test
4.1. - Activation of a test
The program includes a set of test programs that enable the performance verification of diverse parts of the instrument 
and gives assistance in trouble-shooting. To perform a test, follow the path:
UTILITIES / SERVICE (Password) / TESTS
The tests available are described in the following sections.
4.2. - Fan
On executing this test, each time the ENTER key is pressed, successively run the following fans:
• 
The main fan
• 
The thermostatization fan
• 
Stop both fans
4.3. - Screen
On executing this test, an operation is performed on screen every time ENTER is pressed. First, a series of horizontal 
strips are shown, then a series of vertical ones, then a table of characters and the contrast of the screen changes from the 
minimum to the maximum value. At the end of the test, the LED on the front of the appliance changes from red to green, 
in succession.
Check visually that the operations performed are uniform and that no anomaly is evident on the display.
4.4. - Beep
When performing this test, the internal beeper sounds several times.
4.5. - Keyboard
Each time a key is pressed, the beeper sounds and the key is displayed. To exit press the EXIT key (F5) twice.
4.6. - Printer
A set of characters is printed and then 10 rows of asterisks with the 10 programmable intensities.
Check that the characters listed are clear and legible and that the scale of intensities is growing and regular.
4.7. - Serial channel
Connect a USB cable to a computer. Execute a hiperterminal in the computer and configure with the appropriate COM.
Each time a key is pressed, the corresponding character is shown in the section of the display corresponding to the 
characters sent, and the same character should appear in the section of characters received. Exit by pressing F5. 
Through this test it is possible to modify the communication configuration parameters.
4.8. - Loss of peristaltic pump steps
To perform the test, proceed as follows:
• 
Turn the roller holder with your hand until the arrow marked on it coincides with the one on the support. 
• 
Press ENTER. The pump will make several turns.
• 
Check that the turn is performed on centre and with no abnormal noises.
• 
After stopping the roller holder, check that both arrows maintain the same position opposite each other.
• 
Press ENTER several times for the pump to perform successive operations.
