—  11  —
2.2.5. - Programming
Programming the system is done by indicating the quantity of microlytes that must be suctioned. This will vary in each 
particular case. The appliance has several points where this value can be programmed. For instance, each test stored 
contains a volume of the sample to be suctioned.
2.2.6. - Adjustment
The nominal flow of the pump is 110 μL per revolution. However, the accuracy of this parameter depends on the tolerance 
of the length and diameter of the aspiration tube, with a deviation in the nominal value that varies depending on the 
degree of aging, for which reason the pump must be adjusted from time to time. The adjustment process is explained in 
section 3.2.3. - Aspiration system adjustment
2.3. - Thermostatation system
2.3.1. - Elements comprising it
Figure 2.7 is a diagram of the thermostatation system that consists of the following elements:
• 
One cuvette holder (1).
• 
One temperature sensor (2).
• 
One temperature sensor amplifier (3).
• 
The a/d converter in the microcontroller (4) and the part of the programme that controls the thermostatation process.
• 
The Peltier cell power control circuit (5). 
• 
One Peltier cell (6).
• 
One dissipator (7).
• 
One fan (8).
2.3.2. - Description of the system
The cuvette with the reaction mixture to be 
thermostatted is placed in the cuvette holder (1) 
with which it is thermally in contact. The cuvette 
holder is inserted in the optical support and in 
contact with one of the side of the Peltier cell (6). 
The other side of the cell is in contact with the 
dissipator (7). The Peltier pumps heat from one 
side to the other, depending on the direction of the 
current. The power control circuit (5) is in charge 
of making that current circulate in the adequate 
sense inside the Cell, in order to heat or cool 
depending on the microcontroller instructions. 
In the heating process, heat is pumped from the 
atmosphere (taken from the dissipator) to the 
cuvette holder and on cooling the opposite occurs. 
The radiator has a fan to assist in evacuating the 
heat. The temperature sensor (2) measures the 
cuvette holder temperature and, through the 
amplifier, (3) this is read by the microcontroller 
(4). This contains the thermostatation programme 
and depending on the programmed temperature 
and value read, it activates the power control (5) 
heating or cooling as required.
Figure 2.7
