—  9  —
2.1.3. - Physical description
The optical system (see Figure 2.2) is comprised of a plastic-injected support (1) upon which all the components are 
mounted: interferential filters (2), light beamsplitters (3), lenses (4) and mirror (5). The interferential filters are placed 
inside a series of capsules and these are screwed to the optical bench support. Electronic components of the optical system: 
the LEDs (6) and photodiodes (7) are welded directly to the electronic board. The whole optical bench is also mounted 
on the electronic board, with the positions of the LEADs and photodiodes coinciding with those of the optical bench. 
The optical bench support holds the cuvette holder (8), into which the flow cuvettes or macro cuvettes are inserted from 
outside. The cuvette holder is comprised of a metal part to facilitate the thermostatation of the flow cuvette.
2.1.4. - Adjustment
The optical system and A/D converter unit is linear, meaning it is not necessary to make any adjustments for absorbances. It 
is only necessary to adjust the integration times for each wavelength and the currents entering each LED. This adjustment 
serves to optimise the quantity of light that reaches both photodiodes. The objective is to have enough light to measure 
up to 3 absorbances without saturating either of the photodiodes. This adjustment is controlled by the A/D converter 
integration time and the current passing through the LED. See section 3.2.2. - Photometric parameters for the purpose 
of making this adjustment. 
2.2. - Suctioning system
2.2.1. - Elements comprising it
In Figure 2.3 is a diagram showing the 
suctioning system, which consists of 
the following elements:
• 
One aspiration tube (1).
• 
One continuous flow cuvette (2).
• 
One peristaltic pump (3).
• 
One waste bottle (4).
2.2.2. - Description of the system
The sample is suctioned through the aspiration tube (1). This tube, made of Teflon, has a predefined length for which the 
instrument is adjusted. The suctioned sample passes to the cuvette (2) where the readings are taken. The aspiration process 
is executed with a peristaltic pump (3) formed by a silicone-dispensing tube and a rotor with four rollers, operated by a 
stepper motor with a resolution of 200 steps per revolution. The sample finally passes through the pump towards the waste 
bottle (4) where it is discarded.
Figure 2.2 
1
2
3
4
Figure 2.3 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
