—  15  —
2.5.7. - Printer control
The printer is connected to the J10 connector. The power signals for the thermal points activated through the Q3 transistor 
arrive through this connector. The printer motor is activated through circuit U10. The data to be printed reach the printer 
through the signals DataInPrinter and CLKprint. The microprocessor reads the printer signals: paper sensor and printer 
head temperature sensor.
2.5.8. - Screen circuit
The CPLD, circuit U20, generates the standards for refreshing the screen. The display itself generates the Vee voltage 
and that voltage is reduced to make it adjustable through transistors Q2 and Q23. This way, the display contrast can be 
controlled. The display backlight cable is connected to connector J13. It is supplied directly from the 5V.
2.5.9. - USB connector type B
The USB connector is controlled by circuit U34, which is a microcontroller specialising in managing the USB protocol. It 
is connected to the main microprocessor through a serial channel.
2.5.10. - Fan control
Both fans have an operation detection signal. The sensor in each fan is connected directly to the microprocessor.
2.5.11. - Microprocessor
This is responsible for linking and controlling all the semi-automatic analyzer systems, through its programme. The 
microprocessor system also contains the ram memory, flash memory and control over an eprom to load the programme 
in flash. It also contains the reset generator circuit. It is comprised of circuits U11, U1, U2, F1, F2 and U8.
2.5.12. - Day/time generator circuit
The U13 circuit is the TRC. This circuit is responsible for generating and maintaining the semi-automatic analyzer date 
and time. This circuit needs a crystal to generate the internal frequency and a cell battery to maintain the date and time. It 
is connected to the microprocessor through bus I2C, signals SCL and SDA.
2.5.13. - Temperature sensors on the plate
The plate has 2 temperature sensors, U3 and U4. These are located near the power elements, such as the Peltier control 
drivers and power supply regulators. These sensors are connected to the microprocessor thorugh the I2C bus.
2.5.14. - Status indicator LEDs
The semi-automatic analyzer has 2 status indicator lamps. One red and one green. Each lamp is activated through the Q19 
and Q20 transistors and U33 decoder. The decoder is connected to the microprocessor through the I2C bus.
2.5.15. - Buzzer and pump button
The buzzer is activated through transistor Q1. The pump button, SW1, has a polarisation element R51 that is read directly 
by the microprocessor.
2.5.16. - USB connector type A
The USB connector is controlled by circuit U34, which is a microcontroller specialising in managing the USB protocol. It 
is connected to the main microprocessor through a serial channel.
2.5.17. - Power supply
This supplies the necessary voltages to the different parts of the appliance. There is an external power source that converts 
alternating current into continuous 15V current. The plate has a circuit, U23, that is a DC/DC converter, and converts the
