—  26  —
Service manual
• 
Follow these instructions. The pump is activated and the instrument calculates the position. Throughout this process 
the instrument performs photometric readings, so the cuvette carrier lid must be kept closed. The process takes about 
70 seconds.
Checking the adjustment: 
• 
Press the function key TEST.
• 
Input 2000 as sample volume (2 mL).
• 
Perform an aspiration cycle with the volume adjustment tool filled with water until the upper mark (3 mL).
• 
The sample tail that has not entered the cuvette is 0 – 10 mm long.
• 
The level of water remaining in the tool is between the two lower marks (equivalent to 1 mL ± one tolerance)
• 
Press EXIT. The programme asks whether you want to save the new values and shows a window for selecting YES or 
NO. Select one of these two options depending on whether you want to save the adjustment or not, and press ENTER. 
Press EXIT (F5) again to return to the main menu.
3.3. - Programming options
The semi-automatic analyzer has a series of functions that cannot be seen from the menu. These functions are activated 
through a combination of keys.
The process for accessing these functions is as follows:
• 
Turn off the semi-automatic analyzer.
• 
Press the key combination.
• 
Turn on the semi-automatic analyzer while those keys are pressed. 
Key combinatoin
Function
Description
PUMP
Update of firmware change
Tool to access directly to the firmware update programme.
F1+7
Initialising of adjustments
This function allows you to initialise all the semi-automatic 
analyzer adjustment values. After doing this, the semi-
automatic analyzer must be readjusted. 
F2+8
Stressing
Function that performs 5-minute cycles. After each cycle the 
Peltier is activated, together with the peristaltic pump and 
printer. To exit that operating mode, press the Right cursor key.
F3+9
Change in serial number
Enters a screen that allows you to change the semi-automatic 
analyzer serial number.
Right ​cursor
Exit stressing
Exit stressing mode.
