Service Manual
10
Symbol
Description 
BIOHAZARD
Preventing biological risks in handling the samples
Inappropriate handling of samples, controls and calibrators could 
cause biological infection. Do not touch the samples, mixtures or 
waste with your hands. Wear gloves and protective clothing when 
necessary.
In the event that the samples come into contact with the skin, wash 
immediately with abundant water and seek medical advice. It is 
advisable to follow good laboratory practices.
WARNING
Prevention in handling reagents
Handle reagents and washing solutions with care, they contain 
substances that could be corrosive.
In the event that the reagents or washing solutions come into 
contact with the skin, wash immediately with abundant water and in 
the event of a reaction, seek medical advice. 
Consult the reagent or washing solution adaptation sheet and follow 
the safety instructions.
It is advisable to follow good laboratory practices.
BIOHAZARD
Preventing biological risks in handling solid waste
Take care in handling parts of the analyser that are converted to 
waste such as the reactor rotor, sample tubes and reagent bottles.
Wear gloves and protective clothing when handling such waste.
Dispose of the waste in accordance with national or local legislation 
for disposing of dangerous biological waste, and consult the reagent 
manufacturer or distributor for more details.
NOTE
Prevention of electro magnetic interferences
The analyser complies with the emission and immunity 
requirements set out in standard UNE-EN 61326-2-6:2006. This 
equipment has been designed and tested for class B of standard 
UNE-EN 55022:2000. In a domestic environment, it may cause 
radio interference, in which case it may be necessary to take 
measures to mitigate the interference. 
Do not use the analyser near strong electro magnetic radiation 
sources (such as centrifuge appliances, radio transmitters, mobile 
telephones), as they could interfere with its correct operation.
Prevention at the end of the useful life of the analyser
At the end of the useful life of the analyser, the product must be 
disposed of in accordance with the environmental legislation in force 
in each country. If that country is a EU member state, the terms 
of the WEEE directive on electrical and electronic appliances will 
apply. In other words, when the appliance's useful life has ended, 
it is converted into waste and must be separated from household 
waste for correct recycling. For this purpose, contact the distributor 
for the product to be properly recycled.
NOTE
Prevention when deactivating the cover sensor
The option to deactivate the covers sensor only serves to facilitate 
the technical service that can carry out maintenance or repair 
actions. Once the maintenance or repair is finished, the technician 
has to reactivate the covers’ sensor again. The covers’ sensor are 
elements of security of the analyser.
