82
Service manual
which points each of the filters is positioned when optical readings are taken when the analysis is carried out, 
with the coordinate of the positioning of the filter 0 currently programd in the analyzer. If necessary, the technician 
can move the reading points over the graph jointly using two buttons. The optimum reading point is that which 
globally maximises the light intensity for all the filters. At all times, the screen shows the current coordinate 
of the filter 0 and the last coordinate stored, as additional information for the technician. When the position is 
satisfactory, the current coordinate of the positioning of the filter 0 can be stored by pressing the Store button. 
Pressing the Cancel button keeps the last stored value and the current value is not stored.
5.2.6. 
Adjustment of the level control scales
This screen makes it possible to set the level control scales with the empty waste and distilled water containers 
(0% capacity) and when they are full (100% capacity). The maximum capacity of the containers is approximately 
3L. The technician must choose whether he wishes to set the distilled water or waste container scales, with the 
corresponding container full or empty. According to the requested adjustment, the corresponding container, full 
or empty, must be placed in position and the Adjust button pressed. Based on the settings made, the analyzer 
automatically adjusts the scales. On pressing the Store button, the analyzer saves the new values of the adjust­
ed parameters. Pressing the Cancel button keeps the last stored values and the current values are not stored.
5.2.7. 
Adjustment of the level detection sensitivity
This screen allows fitting the sensitivity of the capa­city level detection system of the probe. The pediatric rack 
is a rack with 15mm diameter with the adapter tubes and the pediatric wells inserted.
In order to make the adjustment, first of all you have to select a rack and place on it the following configuration
