14
Service manual
1. 
Intended use
• 
Automated analyzer for the measurement of analyte concentrations in human clinical specimens using in vitro 
diagnostics reagents. For in vitro professional use in the clinical laboratory only.
• 
The Y25 analyzer is an automatic random access analyzer specially designed to perform biochemical analyzes 
in wines, beverages, food and samples of biological crops.
The analyser is exclusively for professional use, for users who have the appropriate training and expertise to use 
it. Together with the installation of the instrument, users are instructed in the operation of the analyzer and the 
software that accompanies it.
 The environmental conditions for the functioning of the analyser are normal clinical analysis laboratory conditions. 
These conditions are set out in the specifications chapter.
The Y25 analyser has been optimised to operate with the BioSystems Food quality reagent lines. Reagents not 
included in the Y25 analyser validation performed in BioSystems SA require a complete and detailed validation 
by the user or the laboratory. 
Users are strongly advised to validate the overall functioning of the analyser and of the reagents in the laboratory, 
taking into consideration the preanalytical phase and all other relevant aspects.
2. 
Introduction
The A25/Y25 analyzer is an automatic random access analyzer specially designed for performing analyses. The 
instrument is controlled on-line in real time from an external dedicated PC. 
In each of the components of the A25/Y25 analyzer, BioSystems has used leading edge tech­nology to obtain optimum 
analytical performance, as well as taking into account eco­no­my, robustness, easy use and maintenance. A three-axis 
Cartesian operating arm prepares the reactions. Dispensing is performed by means of a pump with a ceramic piston 
via a detachable thermostatised needle with Fuzzy Logic control. A washing station guarantees that the needle is 
kept perfectly clean throughout the process. The reactions take place in a thermostatised rotor in which absorbance 
readings are taken directly by means of an integrated optical system. 
This manual contains the information required for learning about, maintaining and repairing the A25/Y25 automatic 
analyzer. It should be used by the Technical Service ­as a learning and consultation docu­ment for the maintenance 
and repair of the instru­ment. Chapter 2 describes the different mechanical components that form the analyzer togeth­
er with their functionality, and chapter 3 describes the electronic system. Chapter 4 describes the Service Program. 
All the adjustments and checks of the analy­zer are carried out through this program, which is independent from the
