74
Service manual
5. 
Service program
The service program is used for the adjustment, checking and maintenance of the different components of the 
analyzer. It is not supplied with the instrument, it is supplied to authorised technical services only. The personal 
of the Technical Service must install it on the user’s computer in order to carry out the service requirements. 
Once the tasks have finalised, the program must be uninstalled. To install the program, follow the instructions 
on the installation CD ROM called Service. The original password for using this program is A25. The password 
can be changed from the service program itself. If the service personnel forget the password, the original pass­
word can be reinstalled by deleting the hidden file code.a25 from the application directory and relaunching the 
program. Once the password has been introduced, the analyzer serial number is given and the name of the 
operator is requested (by default Operator1). Press the Accept button and the main program appears. The 
different functions of the service program are classified in the following categories:
• 
Adjustments: These make it possible to make different parameter adjustments required for the correct 
functioning of the analyzer.
• 
Tests: Tests for checking the functionality of the a­na­ly­zer.
• 
Utilities: Different technical utilities, such as, for example, washing or priming the dispensing sys­tem or 
changing an optical filter. 
• 
Registers:This enables the management of past adjustments, tests, incidences, repairs and maintenance 
of the instrument.
• 
Monitor: These enable the low level communication with the analyzer to load new versions of the program 
in the flash memory of the analyzer (firmware) or to consult the internal parameters of the instrument.
An emergency stop button (STOP on a red background) will be accessible at all times, and when pressed, it 
switches off the analyzer and closes the application quickly.
5.1. 
Initialising the analyser
To initialise the analyser in service mode, first launch the A25 Service application. The program first of all re­
quests a user or technician ID to be used in the program. Depending on the type of user identified, access to 
the different parts of the program will be allowed or denied. The following screen appears:
For full access, enter the following codes:
Name (login): SAT
Password: A25
Once the user has been identified correctly, the service program starts to initialise the analyser.
