79
Adjustment process
1. Select the type of adjustment which you wish to carry out: adjustment of the tray (XYZ) of the pediatric 
diameter rack or of the reagent rack.
2. Press the button Adjust.
3. Deactivate the option Adjust with the tool
4. Select the number of rack to start the adjustment process. By default, it starts with number 1.
5. Place the rack in the selected position, place the well or bottle in well number 1 of the rack and press Start.
6. Probe will automatically descend to a distance over the well/bottle, in order to avoid colliding with it. Then, 
probe has to be put into the well/bottle just a little. In order to do so:
- 
If probe is not centered in XY and out of the well or bottle opening: move the probe just by XY movements 
(screen or keyboard) before carrying out Z movements to get the probe down.
- 
Then, get the probe slightly down with Z movements (screen or keyboard) just to make the adjustment 
of the center easier. 
From this position of approach, you may start the adjustment of values:
7. Adjust the well/bottle center: to do so, move the probe by X and Y movements (screen or keyboard)
8. Adjust the bottle or well bottom: to do so, move the probe by Z movements (screen or keyboard) until it 
reaches the bottom. To check it: move the bottle/well up and down.
9. To finish the XYZ adjustment, press Accept.
10. The new adjusted XYZ values will appear in the upper table. (Nevertheless, they are not saved in the 
instrument yet).
11. The arm will automatically move to position 10 or 12, depending on the type of rack selected. Repeat steps 
6 to 9.
12. Once the adjustments in position 10 or 12 are carried out, the arm is parked so the rack can be moved.
13. Place the rack in the following position of the tray, press Start. Repeat steps 6 to 9 to carry out the adjust­
ments in the every position of the rack tray.
14. Once the adjustments are finished, adjustments have to be kept in the instrument, so press Save.
Adjustment of Z-axis of tubes

When the adjustment of the tray of pediatric racks is selected, it appears another adjustment: the Z relation 
between pediatric and tube.
In order to carry out this adjustment, follow the following steps:
