165
WARNING
After carrying out any maintenance, make sure that all the elements that have been replaced or dismount­
ed have been correctly assembled.
7.2. 
Care and cleaning
7.2.1. 
General care of the analyzer
1. Never use detergents or abrasive products for cleaning the surface of the analyzer. Use only a damp cloth with 
water and pH-neutral soap.
2. If a reagent or corrosive product spills or splashes onto the apparatus, clean it with a damp cloth and soap imme­
diately. If necessary, protect your hands with appropriate laboratory gloves.
3. All the components of the analyzer have drainage conduits leading to the exterior to enable the elimination of any 
liquid spilled and to prevent the apparatus from flooding. If the spillage is significant, the liquid spilled onto the 
table through the drainage conduits and the analyzer must be adequately cleaned.
4. When not in use, close the main cover of the analyzer to protect it from dust.
7.2.2. 
Cleaning the optical system
The components of the optical system must be cleaned periodically in order to keep them free from dust and dirt. 
These components are the lamp, the lenses, the filters and the photodiode. The recommended necessary material 
is as follows: 
• 
Special paper for cleaning optical components (non-abrasive paper which does not leave solid residue).
• 
Ether and alcohol solution at 50%
• 
Cotton wool buds.
• 
Small bellows.
All the optical components must be handled in an area of maximum cleanliness and with great care given that they are 
fragile and delicate. To remove them and refit them, the corresponding instructions given in the Maintenance chapter 
must be carefully followed. Avoid touching the useful area of these components with fingers. The lenses, filters and the 
photodiode must be held by the sides. Do not touch the lamp bulb. To handle the lamp, use the wrapping, cutting it at 
the terminal ends and squeezing them until they come out. To clean the optical components, bear in mind the following
1. Remove the dust on the surface of the component with the bellows. This will avoid scratching by particles when 
cleaning with paper.
2. Carefully clean the surface of the component with the cleaning paper.
3. If the dirt is persistent or greasy, clean the component with the paper moistened with the alcohol and ether solu­
tion. Then dry with dry paper. To clean the filters or the window of the photodiode, use the cotton wool buds with 
the paper in difficult and delicate areas.
4. Finally, it is recommended that you use the bellows once again, thus removing any remains of paper or cotton.
7.2.3. 
Cleaning the dispensing system
The analyser automatically performs conditioning of the fluid system at warm-up and shut-down. This conditioning 
consists of a 3 primings of the dosing system, the first with air, the second with washing solution and the third and 
last with system liquid. To perform this conditioning, the bottles of system liquid (marked with a blue dot) and washing 
solution (marked with a green dot) must be full, and the waste bottle (marked with a red dot) must be empty. The final 
conditioning consists of performing a priming with washing solution.
