81
5.2.4.2. Centering of the rotor with regard to the optical system
This adjustment is necessary only if the Rotor Centering Adjustment has been carried out with regard to the 
dispensing point (5.2.4.1). This adjustment must be made with the rotor cover in position. The analyzer initialises 
the rotor and fills the first 3 wells of the rotor with distilled water. Next, step-by-step optical readings are made 
through these wells at the wavelength selected by the technician. Once the readings have ended, the program 
shows a graph of the light intensity measured on the rotor steps. On this graph, the program indicates at which 
points the optical readings are made on each of the 3 wells when the analysis is made, with the coordinate of 
the reading point of the first well currently programd in the analyzer. If necessary, the technician can move the 
reading points over the graph jointly using two buttons. The optimum reading point is that which globally max­
imises the light intensity for the three wells. At all times, the screen shows the current coordinate of the reading 
in the first well and the last coordinate stored, as additional information for the technician. When the position 
is satisfactory, the current coordinate of the reading point of the first well can be stored by pressing the Store 
button. Pressing the Cancel button keeps the last stored value and the current value is not stored.
5.2.5. 
Adjustment of the positioning of the filter wheel
This adjustment must be made with the rotor cover in position. The analyzer initialises the rotor and the filter 
wheel and fills the first rotor well with distilled water. Next, it takes optical readings through this well, turning the 
filter wheel step by step, with a certain integration time as indicated by the technician (the concept of integration 
time is explained in the section on photometric adjustments). Once the readings have ended, the program shows 
a graph of the light intensity measured on the steps of the filter wheel. On this graph, the program indicates at
