77
5.2.2. 
Adjustment of the rotor thermostation system
This screen makes it possible to adjust the thermostation system of the rotor in such a way that the reactions 
temperature is 37ºC. To make this adjustment, place a well rotor in position and ensure that the analyzer has 
been initialised. The rotor can be automatically filled with distilled water by pressing the corresponding button. 
Once filled, the technician must wait a few minutes for the rotor to be thermostated. The temperature in the 
rotor wells must be measured with a temperature calibrated at 37ºC through the dispensing hole of the rotor 
cover. A button makes it possible to turn the rotor in increases of 15 wells to change the well on which the 
measurement is being taken. The program shows the control set point temperature, which is the parameter that 
must be adjusted for the temperature of the rotor to be correct. This parameter must be other than 37ºC. The 
technician must measure the temperature of the water with the calibrated thermometer in the wells and enter 
the temperature on the screen. The analyzer automatically modifies the set point temperature in accord with 
the temperature measured with the thermometer for the rotor reactions temperature to be 37ºC. The technician 
can modify this set point temperature proposed by the program. On pressing Adjust, the analyzer thermostates 
the rotor with the new set point. Each time the set point temperature is modified, wait 5 minutes before per­
forming new dispensing operations for the rotor temperature to become stabilised. The technician must repeat 
this process until the rotor temperature is as near as possible to 37ºC. Pressing the Store button, the analyzer 
stores the current value of the adjusted set point temperature. Pressing the Cancel button keeps the last stored 
value and the current value is not stored. Pressing the Restore button restores the initial screen input value. 
5.2.3. 
Adjustment of the positioning of the operating arm
This screen makes it possible to adjust the horizontal positioning (X, Y) of the arm. The arm housing must be 
removed to see the position of the needle. Before making the adjustments, visually check the verticality of the 
needle. If necessary, carefully straighten it up ensuring you do not damage it. On the screen, select the point 
at which you wish to adjust the horizontal positioning. On pressing the Adjust button the arm initialises and 
positions itself over said point. The technician has buttons to move the arm step by step over the horizontal 
plain (X, Y) and vertically (Z). The arm can also be moved introducing a certain number of absolute movement 
steps. These absolute movements of the arm must be made with the needle at its highest position so as not to 
damage it (coordinate 0). The technician must lower the needle to the adjustment point and adjust its horizontal 
position. When the position is satisfactory, save the current coordinates (X, Y) by pressing the Store button. 
Pressing the Cancel button keeps the last adjustment values stored. Pressing the Restore button restores the 
initial screen input values. At all times, the screen shows the current coordinates of the arm for the selected 
point, the last coordinates stored and the initial screen input coordinates, as additional information for the tech­
nician. The technician may repeat the procedure to adjust the positioning of the arm at the different possible 
adjustment points. These points are as follows:
1. Origin. Vertex of the self-centering plate of the needle.
2. Rack tray Screw that fastens the washing station cover. 
3. Washing station. Centre of the stainless steel font of the washing station.
