16
Service manual
detection to control the level of the bottles and tubes and prevent the needle from penetrating too far into the corre­
sponding liquids, thus minimizing contamination. An automatic adjustment system informs the user if the needle is 
not mounted or if it is too bent. The needle has a sophisticated Peltier thermos­tatisation system, with Fuzzy Logic 
control, capable of thermostatising the preparations at approximately 37º in less than 6 seconds. Dispensing is carried 
out by means of a low maintenance ceramic piston pump driven by a step-by-step motor. It is capable of dispensing 
between 3 and 1250  µL. The exterior of the needle is kept constan­tly clean by means of a washing station, which 
consists of a font special­ly designed to clean and dry the needle, integrated in the racks tray. A system of diaphragm 
pumps supplies the font with distilled water and transports the waste to its container.
The A25/Y25 analyzer has a tray with 3 free positions for racks of rea­ge­nts or samples, plus three fixed positions 
for bottles opposite the washing station. Each reagents rack can carry up to 10 reagents in 20 ml or 50 ml bottles. 
Each samples rack can contain up to 24 tubes of samples. The samples can be patients, calibrators or controls. The 
analyzer can be configured to work with 13 mm or 15 mm diameter tubes of samples with a length of up to 100 mm 
or with paediatric wells. 
Any possible configuration of racks can be mounted from 3 racks of samples (72 samples) and 30 refrigerated bottles 
of reagent to 2 racks of unrefrigerated reagents (20 reagents) and 30 refrigerated bottles of reagent and 1 rack of 
samples (24 samples). Any reagent may be placed in the fixed positions, but it is recommendable to use them for the 
bottles of distilled water, saline solution for the automatic pre-dilutions and washing solution. The rack tray detects and 
identifies the type of racks. In this way, if the physical disposition of the racks does not coincide with that programmed 
on the comp uter, the analyser alerts the user.
On the left of the analyser are system liquid containers (marked in blue) and waste containers (marked in red), and 
on the back of the analyser is connected the bottle of washing solution (marked in green). The analyser constantly 
controls the level of these containers and issues the appropriate alerts if the system liquid or washing solution is nearly 
empty or if the waste container is full.
2.1.3. 
Reactions rotor and reading
The preparations are dispensed in an optical quality methacrylate reactions rotor thermos­tatised at 37ºC. The optical 
absorbance readings are taken directly on this rotor. Each reaction can be read for 15 minutes. The readings are taken 
as they are programd in each measurement procedure. The reaction wells have been designed to enable the mixture 
of the sample and the reagent during the dispensing. Each rotor has 120 reaction wells. The length of the light path 
is 6 mm. The minimum volume required to take the optical reading is 200 µL. The wells have a maximum useful ca­
pacity of 800 µL. When the reactions rotor is completely full, the user must change it with one that is empty, clean and 
dry. The reactions rotors can be reused up to 5 times if they are carefully cleaned immediately after use. The rotor is 
driv­en by a step-by-step motor with a transmission. A Peltier system with PID control thermostatises the rotor at 37ºC.
An optical system integrated in the rotor takes the readings directly on the reaction wells. The light source is a 20 W 
halogen lamp. The detector is a silicon photodiode. The wavelength is selected by a wheel with 9 positions available 
for optic filters. The filters are easily ch­an­ged by the user from the exterior of the analyzer, without the need for disas­
