17
sembling the filter wheel. A step-by-step motor positions the wheel. The optical system is capable of taking 5 readings 
per second, with or without a filter change in between. The light beam of the lamp passes through a compensated 
interferential filter to select the desired wavelength and through focalisation lenses. It then passes through the rotor well 
and finally reaches the photodiode, where the light signal is turned into an electric signal. A sophisticated analogical 
digital integrator-converter system converts the electric signal into a digital value with which the analyzer obtains the 
absorbance values. The optical system continues to work when the general cover of the analyzer is open, whereby the 
analyzer can continue to take readings while the user handles, for example, the sample tubes or the reagent bottles. 
The rotor cover must be ­in place­ for the optical system to work correctly. A detector tells the analyzer of the presence 
of the cover. The analyzer aborts the readi­ngs if the user removes the rotor cover while the optical system is taking 
photometric measurements. If the rotor is not covered, the analyzer informs the user so that he or she places the rotor 
cover when it sends samples to be analyzed.
2.1.4. 
Electronic system
The described components are controlled by an electronic system based on a micropro­cessor. The microprocessor 
has two exte­rnal communication channels that make it possible to link up the instrument to the computer containing 
the application prog­ram and to an optio­nal external module for measuring ion concentration. The electronic system 
is made up of the following independent boards:
• 
Microprocessor board
• 
Photometric system board
• 
Needle conditioning board
• 
Racks detection board
• 
Front indicator board
• 
Power supply board
• 
Communications board
2.1.5. 
 Application program
The application program makes it possible to control all the operations of the analy­zer. Fro­m this program, the user 
can monitor the state of the analyzer and the work session, program parameters, e.g. technique parameters, prepare 
the work session, prepare results reports, configure different analyzer options, activate various test utilities, prepare 
and maintain the instrument and carry out internal quality control processes. The purpose of this manual is not to 
explain the fun­ction­ing of the user program. For detailed information to this re­gard, please con­sult the User’s Manual
