15
appli­cation program (User Program). The separation of both programs enable it to be maintai­ned separately and the 
extensions and improvements of one do not affect the other. The user does not have the service program. The Tech­
nical Service must install it on the user’s computer in order to carry out the service requirements. Once said tasks 
have been carried out, the Technical Service must uninstall the program. Chapter 5 offers instructions for the different 
mainte­nance, rep­air and cleaning operations that can be carried out by the Technical Service. The annexes contain 
a summary of the technical specifications of the analyzer, the adjustment margin tables, the lists of accessories and 
spares, a list of software versions and their compatibility and a software troubleshooting guide.
2.1. 
General description of the analyzer
The A25/Y25 analyzer is made up of three basic components: the operating arm, the dispensing system and the read­
ing and reactions rotor. The electronic system of the instrument controls said components and communicates with the 
external computer containing the application program. Through this program, the user can control all the operations 
of the analyzer. The analyzer may be fitted with the option of an external module for measuring ion concentration.
2.1.1. 
Operating arm
This is a three-axis XYZ Cartesian mechanism. The X and Y axes move the dis­pens­ing needle over the analyzer hor­
izontally and the Z axis moves it vertically. It is operated by three step-by-step motors. In each 15-second preparation 
cycle, the operating arm performs the following actions: first of all, it sucks in the reagent from the corresponding bottle. 
Next, the needle is washed externally in the washing station and sucks in the sample from the corresponding tube. It is 
washed externally again and dispenses the sample and the reagent into the reactions rotor. Finally, it is exhaustively 
washed internally and externally before proceeding with the next preparation. The arm has a system for controlling 
vertical movement to detect whether or not the needle has collided into anything on descending. If a collision occurs, 
as may be the case if, for example, a lid has been left on a bottle of reagent, the arm automatically restarts, verifies the 
straightness of the needle and continues working issuing the corresponding alert to the user. A vertical axis retention 
system prevents the needle from falling in the case of a power cut, avoiding injury from the needle to the user or the 
needle being bent by an attempt to move the arm manually. The operating arm only makes the preparations if the 
general cover of the analyzer is closed. If the cover is raised while it is functioning, the arm automati­cally aborts the 
task in progress and returns to its parked position to avoid injury to the user.
2.1.2. 
Dispensing system
This system consists of a thermostatised needle, supported and displaced by an operating arm and conne­ct­ed to a 
dispensing pump. The needle is detachable to enable cleaning and replacement. The analyzer has capacity level
