105
5.5.3. 
Language change
This makes it possible to choose the language used in the service program.
5.5.4. 
Users
Two types of user can be created with different access levels:
• 
SAT. This user has full access to the programme. This user has permission to create and/or delete other 
users. 
• 
User. This user has restricted access to the programme. This user can only perform the tests and run the 
utilities. He/she can not make any adjustments or load any previously saved adjustments files or change 
the firmware version of the analyser.
From the Users menu, it is possible to create, delete and change users. The Change password option is for 
each user to change his own password.
5.6. 
Monitor 
These enable the low level communication with the analyzer to load new versions of the program in the flash 
memory of the analyzer (firmware) or to restore the default adjustment parameters. 
The firmware of the analyzer resides in a permanent flash memory. The change of this program can be made 
through the computer without the need for changing the memory chip. 
To load the new version, press the Start button, previously indicating where the program is located using the 
Open button. 
From version 3.0.2, before loading a new firmware, the program checks that the file is correct. If is so, the 
program sends it directly to the analyzer. If there is an error message, please contact the Technical Service to 
replace/recover the corrupt file
First of all, the current content of the flash memory is deleted and then the new program is loaded. This oper­
ation may take several minutes.
Once the program has changed, the analyzer is restarted with the new version of the program. While the copy 
process is being performed, the screen indicates the percentage completed. 
There is also the option to Restore Default Adjustments, selecting the option and pressing Start.
If the technician wants the analyzer to enter monitor mode (e.g. because the analyzer does not respond be­
cause the firmware was incorrectly loaded, he may do so by shutting down the analyzer, pressing the Force 
Monitor button and then rebooting. 
Once the new programme has been loaded or the default adjustments have been restored, exit the monitor by 
pressing the Close button.
