18
Service manual
included with the analyzer.
2.2. 
Functioning of the analyzer
The A25/Y25 analyzer is an automatic random access analyzer specially designed for performing biochemical and 
turbidimetric clinical analyses. The analyzer performs patient-by-patient analyses and enables the continual introduction 
of samples. The analyzer is controlled from a dedicated PC that is permanently com­muni­cated to the instrument. The 
program, installed on the computer, keeps the user constantly informed of the status of the analyzer and the progress 
of the analyses. As results are obtained, the com­pu­ter shows them to the user immediately.
When a Work Session is begun, the analyzer proposes performing the blanks, calibra­tors and controls program for the 
measurement procedures it is to carry out. The user may choose between performing the blanks and the calibra­tors or 
not. If they are not performed, the analyzer uses the last available memorized data. The controls can also be activated 
or not. During a session, while the analyzer is working, the user can introduce new normal or urgent samples to be 
analyzed. Each time a new sample is added, the analyzer automa­tical­ly proposes the possible new blanks, calibrators 
or controls to be performed. A work session can remain open for one or more days. When a session is closed and 
another new session is opened (Reset Session), the analyzer again proposes performing the blanks, calibrators and 
controls. It is recommended that the session is reset each working day.
The analyzer determines the concentrations of the analytes based on optical absorbance measurements. To measure 
the concentration of a certain analyte in a sample, the analyzer uses a pipette to take a specific volume of the sample 
and the corresponding reagent, quickly thermostatises them in the needle itself and dispenses them into the reactions 
rotor. The very dispensing speed together with the geometry of the reaction well causes the mixture to be shaken and 
the chemical reaction begins. In the bireagent modes, the reaction begins when the analyzer later dispenses a second 
reagent in the same reaction well. The reactions can be biochemical or turbidimetric. In both cases, the reaction or 
the chain of reactions produced generate substances that attenuate certain wave­len­gths, either by absorption or by 
dispersion. Comparing the light in­ten­sity of a certain wavelength that crosses a well when there is a reaction and when 
there is not a reaction can determine the concentration of the corresponding analyte. This comparison is quantified with 
the physical magnitude called absorbance. In some cases, the concentration is a direct function of the absorbance, 
and in other cases, it is a function of the variation of the absorbance over time, depending on the analysis mode.
2.3. 
Transport and reshipment of the analyzer
If the analyzer is to be reshipped or moved using a transport vehicle, it is important to block the operating arm and 
use the original packaging to ensure that the apparatus is not damaged. To package the instrument, we recommend 
you follow the following instructions: (on the unpackaging instruc­tions sheet).
